Greetings, everyone...
It's Cell... And this
is an invitation...
...to my game.
A little martial
arts tournament
in just nine days.
To be held in a vacant lot
fifteen miles
northwest of this station.
We'll be
fighting in teams...
me versus all of you,
as many challengers
as you'd like.
[CELL] And if
your team loses,
it's a loss for
the entire world.
♪ opening song ♪
[NARRATOR] Cell's
televised announcement
has plunged the
world into chaos.
Cities around the globe
have already begun to empty,
as people scramble
for the hills
in a desperate attempt to
escape the monster's attention.
Full-scale panic is
the order of the day...
[HORNS HONK]
[KRILLIN GRUNTS ANGRILY]
This whole
thing is my fault!
I could've prevented it!
I had the chance
to shut 18 down...
...and I botched it.
I... I've gotta
make this right!
I'm to blame for this mess!
[YAMCHA]
Wait, Krillin!
[ROSHI] Stop
where you are!
Cell isn't an
opponent you can take on
all by yourself
and you know it!
[ROSHI]
As your master,
I forbid you to
face him on your own
and that's all there is to it!
If you want to
fight him, just wait...
Save your efforts for the
tournament like everyone else.
[YAMCHA] Listen
to him, Krillin.
Don't be so
hard on yourself.
[ROSHI] Besides,
Goku's our best bet.
As much power as the
Saiyans keep under wraps,
there's no telling what
sort of strength they'll
walk out of the Hyperbolic
Time Chamber with
when they're done.
[TRUNKS] How much longer before
Goku and Gohan
finish their training?
[MISTER POPO] They
have three more hours
until their day in
the Chamber is complete.
[VEGETA]
Ah... No reason to assume
they'll think a day
has been enough...
Chances are the two
of 'em will stay in there
training a lot
longer than that.
Far as I'm concerned
they can stay in there
as long as they want if
it helps us defeat Cell...
We've got nine full
days left Vegeta
and besides you
just got out of there.
[PICCOLO] You
should be resting.
I go in there next
when they're done.
[VEGETA] Don't
overestimate yourself...
Only a Saiyan has any
hope of defeating Cell
in his current form.
[VEGETA] But...
Go ahead if you insist...
The Chamber 's mine for
the remaining eight days
when you're done
making a fool of yourself.
Hmph... 'Fraid I've
got some sobering news.
There's a natural
limit to the time
any one of us can
spend in there...
You're allowed a total of
48 hours, not a minute more.
Ah! That's all?!
[VEGETA]
So...
What happens if
somebody goes over?
[MISTER POPO] The
Chamber door vanishes,
never to appear again.
[VEGETA GRUNTS ANGRILY]
There's no point
getting bent out of shape.
Like Piccolo said there's
enough time for all of us.
[VEGETA GRUNTS ANGRILY]
[TRUNKS, TIEN,
AND PICCOLO GASP]
That's Goku's energy...
Surely he and Gohan aren't
calling it quits yet...
I-Impossible...
Why would he not
use the full time?
[FOOTSTEPS]
[GOKU] Huh? So that was
Vegeta and Trunks' energy
I picked up on...
Cell's still hanging
around down there, too...
Anybody want to fill
me in on the story?
[PICCOLO STAMMERS]
Is that Gohan?
I can't believe it...
[GOKU] C'mon, someone
tell us what's happening.
[TIEN]
Uh... Well, you see...
Oh, wait...
Before you do, I think
I should eat something...
Any food handy, Mr. Popo?
'Cause seriously...?
I don't think I've
ever been so hungry.
[MISTER POPO]
Uh, uhh...
[TIEN LAUGHS]
Guess some things
never change... Right, guys?
[GOKU AND GOHAN CHEW LOUDLY]
We couldn't make anything
as good as this stuff.
We've been needing
this feast for a year!
Huh... Makes sense.
[GOKU AND GOHAN LAUGH]
What is going on here...?
They both appear to be
in Super Saiyan form,
but that can't
be, can it...?
They seem far too relaxed
to be maintaining
that state...
[GOHAN EXHALES HEAVILY]
Thank you!
That really hit the spot!
The spot
and then some!
Right. Sorry to keep
you waiting there, Trunks...
Fire away when
you're ready.
Uh, Uh...
Well, you see...
[DR. BRIEFS]
Ah ha.
These circuits connect
like so, don't they...
Get a load of this...
I'm peeking into
16's memory banks
and unless I'm
missing something,
there's nothing in
here but stuff on Goku.
[DR. BRIEFS]
Hmm... You don't say?
Interesting.
Well... I guess
it's no real surprise,
there's never been any
question Dr. Gero created
this guy for the sole purpose
of taking revenge on Goku.
[COMPUTER BEEPS]
The mystery is why
he's no longer interested
in following his program.
Unless of course this
is all just some elaborate ruse
to lull us into a
false sense of security.
[DR. BRIEFS] Nah...
I don't think so.
His circuitry may
be complex enough
to throw me for a
loop but my gut tells me
this Nice Guy
routine isn't an act.
[DR. BRIEFS] Any
way you look at it,
he's the gentlest machine
I've ever laid eyes on.
I suppose.
[BULMA] Maybe it's
just another side effect
of Trunks altering
the timeline...
In any case, I'm not going to
look a gift horse in the mouth.
With this Cell...
we're obviously going
to need all the allies
we can get our hands on
if we intend to defeat him.
And stranger things
have happened...
[GOKU] So that's
what's going on...
actually sounds
kind of fun...
It's not every day you get to
compete in a big tournament.
[PICCOLO] Fun...?
'Course you'd think that.
Hey, my old uniform...
You didn't by any chance
throw it away, did you?
What? Oh, no...
I held on to it.
Matter of fact
I even washed it.
Thank you... You're
the best, Mister Popo.
There's no reason
you have to wear that...
I'm sure mom would give you
some new armor if you asked.
I'm sure she would,
but I prefer this...
I want to fight
as a earthling.
You know what...
I think it's time for me to
have some new clothes, too.
Clothes like yours.
Very well...
I think I'd able to
outfit you with something.
[PICCOLO YELLS]
[GOHAN LAUGHS]
Wow, this...
This is awesome!
[PICCOLO LAUGHS]
So...
Huh...?
What's the plan?
Do you feel strong
enough to take on Cell?
Well it's kind of
hard to say...
I haven't seen him in
his perfected form--
or whatever you call
it--but I think so...
I'll know better once
I've had a good look.
[GOKU GRUNTS]
My, what an honor.
I don't know
that I'd call it that.
What do you think?
This is the ring where
we'll decide the fate
of the world
in nine days...
whether the world wants it
or not... Stylish, right?
[GOKU]
Not really.
Pretty lame when you
consider what's at stake.
Huh...
[CELL LAUGHS]
[LIGHTNING]
[GOKU] So this is
your perfect form...
Not bad...
Not bad at all.
[LIGHTNING]
Nice of you to say so.
I'll be taking
part in your tournament...
so you keep your
end of the bargain
and don't cause any trouble
between now and then...
You got it?
Let's make it
a match for the books.
[CELL] That's
the spirit...
Assuming, of course,
anyone's left to write
the books once I'm done.
[TRUNKS] How'd it go
down there with him?
Well to be perfectly
honest you guys,
he was alot more intimidating
than I expected him to be...
[GOKU] There's no
telling what kinda damage
he can do if he really
puts his mind to it.
I mean, I won't
know until I try, but...
the way things
look right now,
I'm not all that
certain I can defeat him.
[VEGETA STAMMERS]
[TRUNKS]
Goku... come on...!
You're serious, aren't you?
Then I think it's
best you go back into
the Hyperbolic Time
Chamber to train.
[PICCOLO] There's time.
Might as well use it.
We've already
settled on the order:
I'll go in after you
and Vegeta after me.
And once
I'm done in there,
there'll be no point in anyone
else even bothering to try.
Well...
I'd already decided
not to take a turn...
I think Cell's just
too far out of my league now.
[PICCOLO] Trunks will
go after Vegeta...
Then finally...
Goku and Gohan,
you'll be last in
before the tournament.
[GOKU] Nah. Me and
Gohan have had our share.
What?!
We'll just finish up
our training out here...
Nine days ought
to be enough
to get ourselves
pretty well prepared.
What?!
You've lost your mind!
[TRUNKS GULPS]
[PICCOLO STAMMERS]
[PICCOLO]
So that's it, then...?
You're not going to re-enter
the Hypberbolic Time Chamber?
[GOKU]
Yeah, that's right.
But... You only
stand to become stronger
than you already are;
I don't see the
point in refusing.
I get that, but...
There's such a thing
as too much training.
You've gotta rest
every now and then.
And the Chamber's too hard
on the body to let you relax.
[VEGETA LAUGHS]
Well what do you know...
So Kakarot does
have a ceiling...
It's the
exact dimensions
of the Hyperbolic
Time Chamber.
Maybe... Point is...
if we've already pushed our
bodies to their limit then...
what's another
year gonna do?
We'd just be
torturing ourselves.
'Course... It's
fine if the rest of you
go in there and train
as hard as you need
to give yourselves
a fair shot...
Don't overdo it,
but you can stand to
beef up just a little bit.
Is that a fact?
Mind your tongue...
I'm not an imbecile...
I know when I'm
being patronized
and I do not care
for the suggestion
that you're
stronger than me.
Yeah... I wasn't
really suggesting...
What?!
[VEGETA SEETHES WITH ANGER]
[GOKU] Okay, save
it for the tournament.
That goes
for all of you.
Gohan... c'mon.
I'm ready.
[VEGETA GRUNTS ANGRILY]
We need to make a
stop on the way, alright?
Sure.
Hey there,
Korin... Long time.
Mm-Hmm...
[GOHAN] Good to see you...
Whatcha doin' these days?
[KORIN] Oh, just
watching you sprout up.
Hey! Yajirobe...!
When did you get back?
Look, I know why
you're here, okay?
And if you think for
one second you can talk me
inta' fighting in
that stupid tournament
you've got another
thing coming!
[GOKU] Heh...
You haven't changed a bit.
Don't worry, no one's
asking you to enter anything.
[YAJIROBE]
Good...
...as long as were
on the same page...
I mean it just wouldn't
make sense to bring out
the big guns 'til you
absolutely have to.
A secret weapon's
only really useful
when you keep it
a secret, right?
You're so wise.
[GOHAN AND GOKU LAUGH]
Still...
Any way you slice it,
the world is in quite a
pickle this time around...
I've never seen
so much panic.
[GOKU]
Yeah...
Like Cell wasn't awesome
enough to begin with...
Seeing him in
his perfect form,
I'm not sure I won't be
in a panic before long too.
Well, you're
doing a fine job
hiding your fear thus
far... Of course...
I'm hoping that's because
you discovered a way
to save us in
the Time Chamber.
[GOKU LAUGHS]
[GOKU] Oh, you know...
[GOHAN THINKING]
Did he...?
I was with him
the whole time...
Is Dad hiding something?
[GOKU] Hey,
Korin--you, uh...
You can pretty much gauge
Cell's full power
from up here, right?
[KORIN] He hasn't revealed
all his strength yet,
so it's difficult to say...
I can offer up a
rough estimate, though.
Hey, anything you
can tell me would help...
If you don't mind I'd like
you to compare the two of us.
[TIEN] Say, uh...
Were Goku and Gohan
in Super Saiyan form when
they got out of there?
Because they seemed...
I dunno...
...kind of subdued.
I'm not quite sure
how to put it...
There's no
question in my mind
that those two were
in Super Saiyan form...
I can only assume
they spent a great deal
of time training to
hold the transformation
as easily as they do
their natural state.
[TRUNKS] 'Kay...
so... does that mean
they'll undergo
some kind of
even bigger transformation
when they fight?
Don't be such a fool!
[VEGETA] Has experience
truly taught you nothing...?
Kakarot has
chosen the standard
Super Saiyan
form as optimal.
Thus they've learned to
hold it effortlessly...
to channel their full
power into fighting
without wasting any on
the transformation itself.
Bah! It's actually
quite clever...
[TRUNKS THINKING]
Right...
A transformation for the sake
of power alone is worthless.
I learned that the hard way.
[RUMBLING]
[PICCOLO YELLS]
[TIEN] That's some
intense energy!
It's... It's Goku!
[GOKU YELLS]
[KORIN YELLS]
[YAJIROBE YELLS FEARFULLY]
[KORIN] Stop...!
Please...! That's enough...!
The walls can't
take anymore!
[GOKU EXHALES HEAVILY]
[KORIN SIGHS]
Sorry about that;
it's only half my
full power, though...
So, what do you think?
Uh... That was only half?
Good grief, what a frightening
creature you are...!
How much more power
is it gonna take
to make you happy, son?
[GOHAN THINKING]
Wow, Dad...
And he wanted me to be
stronger than him? No way...
[GOKU] Tell me
honestly, Korin.
How likely am I
to win this thing?
Hmm... Well, as I said
I can only guess...
[KORIN] But, based on
what I have to go on,
if you want my
honest opinion... Uhh...
Between you and Cell...
I'd have to say he
still has you outmatched.
[GOHAN GASPS]
What...?! Goku as
strong as a hurricane!
He'd... have to be
some kind of monster!
[GOKU LAUGHS]
Yeah, sounds about right.
Good to know
my gut instinct
wasn't too far
off the mark...
Thank you,
Korin, as always.
Uh... I...
[GOKU] Let's
go, big guy.
Yeah, right.
Bye... Sorry for
the intrusion.
They... vanished!
Man, that guy gets
freakier every day.
[KORIN THINKING]
However I try to figure this,
Goku just doesn't seem to
have much hope of winning...
So why is he
seem so relaxed?
There's no way he's given
up already... is there?
[TIEN] That energy was
absolutely out of this world!
That's true...
And I don't think
we even came close
to experiencing
Goku's full power...
Just imagine what it'll be
like when the man goes all-out!
Wow...!
So maybe he really can
defeat Cell after all!
[VEGETA SEETHES WITH ANGER]
[VEGETA THINKING]
I don't believe this!
Curse you, Kakarot!
You always have
to be at least
one step ahead of
me, don't you...?
However hard
I work to catch you...
Every time I close
the gap, you push away!
[VEGETA] Piccolo...!
If you're going into the
Chamber, do it already!
You're holding
up the line...!
I'm tired of
waiting on you!
What do you
say we go get
your mom and
head on home...?
I've got our training
regimen all worked out too.
We put our feet up for
three days straight, then...
Three whole days pushing
our bodies to the limit...
Followed by three
more days of rest.
[GOHAN]
Um, dad...
Hmm...?
Are you sure we're
up for this tournament?
I mean do we really have
any chance against Cell?
[GOKU LAUGHS]
[GOKU] Try not to
worry about it for now...
Your mom misses you.
Come on, let's go... lets go.
Hmm...?
Hello!
[GROUP GASPS]
Is there something
on my face?
What gives?
Is... Is that you?
Yeah.
Oh, what have they
done to you, my boy?
What are you
talking about?
Why are you acting so
weird all of a sudden?
You... are Goku, right?
You look like
a new man!
Yeah, you both do!
Thanks, I suppose...
[CHICHI] Is that
who I think it is?
Has my little
man come back--
[CHICHI YELLS]
Who are they
supposed to be?
Surely not my
husband and my son...
Well... Uh, yeah.
'Course it is.
[CHICHI SCREAMS]
[GOKU STAMMERS]
[CHICHI] Oh my
sweet baby!
What have they done
to your pretty hair?!
Please tell mommy
you didn't dye it!
It's, not what
you think... I swear!
[CHICHI CRIES]
My only son
looks like the front man
for a new wave punk band!
[NARRATOR]
Only nine days left
until Cell's
insidious tournament...
How will our
heroes prepare?
Find out, next
Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ closing song ♪
[GOKU] Hey,
it's me, Goku!
When's the last time we've
gone fishing, Krillin?
[KRILLIN] I don't know, but
this was a fantastic idea!
[GOKU] Aaaah. Nothing in
the world like old friends.
Too bad it takes
so long to make 'em,
am I right
or am I right?
[GOHAN] I'm picking
up on Cell's energy!
And... the army?!
[GOKU] Next time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
I vote we deal
with this jerk
so we can get back
to what's important!